# SPC-actions
partof: REQ-purpose
###

Takes the results generated by [[SPC-runner]]
and makes the necessary calls to [[SPC-kakoune_interface]]
to perform certain editor actions.

All lists are ordered alphabetically.

## [[.set_line_statuses]]

__If a coverted file is a test:__

Set line status indicators depending on coverage and test success.

__For other covered files:__

Set line status indicators depending on coverage and involvement with failed tests.

## [[.list_failed_tests]]

Displays an list of failed tests and what line each test was defined on.

[[.tst-list_failed_tests]]

Ensure only failing tests are displayed and the message is correct.

## [[.list_all_tests]]

Displays a failed tests, what line each test was defined on and test success/failure.

[[.tst-list_all_tests]]

Ensure tests are listed

## [[.list_all_test_files]]

Displays a list of all files that define tests along with whether they have failing tests.

[[.tst-list_all_test_files]]

## [[.list_all_covered_non_test_files]]

Displays a list of all covered non test files along with their involvement in failing tests.

[[.tst-list_all_covered_non_test_files]]

## [[.list_affected_tests]]

Lists what tests ran the current line in a non test file.

## [[.list_affected_failed_tests]]

Lists what tests ran the current line in a non test file and failed.

## [[.list_notifications]]

Lists all notifications in order by their location.

Max notification limit is 1000.

## [[.list_notifications_select_location]]

Same as [[.list_notifications]] with some changes:

* Can only be invoked if the current line has an associated notification
* After the notifications are opened in a buffer, all notifications
    with the same position as the current line are selected

## [[.goto_first_failure_line]]

Jump to the first line that contributed to a selected failing test.

## [[.set_notifications]]

Displays errors and logs inline with the code they originate from.

Also writes notification sources to temporary files so large objects can be inspected.
